ISPN-13337 CLI: expose relay nodes (#9570)
infinispan/infinispan: documentation/src/main/asciidoc/topics/ref_rest_cache_managers.adoc

* `defined_caches` A list of all caches defined in the cache manager, excluding private caches but including internal caches that are accessible
* `local_site` The name of the local site. +
If cross-site replication is not configured, {brandname} returns "local".

> * `relay_node` is true if the node is a relay node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `relay_node` is true if the node handles RELAY messages between clusters.
```

> * `relay_nodes_address` is an array of logical addresses of relay nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `relay_nodes_address` is an array of logical addresses for relay nodes.
```
